# Course-Advisor-System-for-Tezpur-University

Implementation of Course Advisor is a web-based application for assigning the faculties in the role of course advisor for the students of Tezpur University. We will provide a platform where course advisors can view students that are assigned to them under a particular session and accept the courses that are registered by the student in that session. Course advisors can view the student’s details such as completed credit, current CGPA, completed courses, incomplete courses and current courses that are registered by the students. By reviewing the details of students, the course advisor can modify the courses registered by the student and accept the registered courses. This site will also provide a feature where the faculties can view the students registered under the courses allotted to them and can give grades to the students for the corresponding courses.
In this system, the Head of Departments (HOD) will be another user. HOD can view the faculties assigned to the courses under different sessions. HOD can also assign faculties to the courses for the current session. The system will also provide the feature of modifying the faculties assigned to the respective courses. The HOD can view the students under different sessions and programmes offered by the respective department and can assign the course advisor to the students for the current session. This website will also provide a feature where HOD can view the students’ report card by entering the details of the corresponding students.

Languages used: HTML.CSS,BOOTSTRAP,JAVASCRIPT,JQUERY,AJAX,PHP,MySQL
